At the beginning of 2025 I decided to record a monthly youtube video to kinda like sum up
what happened in my life during the month. I did it for January but today I decide against it.
Not for any particular reason. I just thought that keeping a daily journal would be better.

So here we are. This is the first entry in my journal. It's a typical sunday. Nothing much happened.

# Monthly challenge
Since late 2024 I decided to do a challenge every month. To keep me disciplined and kinda force me
to work out every day. The challenge I choose for this month is to hold a 1 minute plank twice every day.
In the morning and during my workout session every night. I couldn't work out yesterday, but I definitely will later
today.

# Books
Books I'm reading and that I want to finish this month are the following:
- **Writing an interpreter in Go**
- **Network Programming in Go**

I decided to reduce the number if books I'm reading at the same time, cos it makes me feel like I'm making progress on the
books but it's just an illusion caused by the number of books I'm reading. So the less there are the more I'll read I think.

# Expectations for this month
The goal is still to improve my fitness and cognitive abilities. Basically, become Batman. I really want to get A LOT more 
consistent with my workouts, and try to stick to a workout plan for the whole month. I also want to finish the two books
I am reading right now. I also want to get better at programming and have more knowledge in electronics.
